hey everybody its fat Kingston and
jessica barnett from xyron and today
we're going to show you how to decorate
hostess gifts we've got two different
sized bottles while one jar actually we
want to show you that you can use the
same technique no matter what size the
bottle how tall how big around so we're
just going to take a couple sheets of
paper I'm going to run them through my
five inch creative station and to save
some adhesive I'm actually going to run
a smaller piece right next to a bigger
piece you can go ahead and crank that
through and then i'm going to insert the
second set of papers and what's those
get all the way through i'm just going
to trim them set this aside and just can
i can start creating our projects all
right i'm gonna make little tags real
quick okay we're gonna put on through
our one and a half inch create a sticker
yep and these you just printed off of
your computer and punched out i did i
just used a round punch for this part
scalloped punch for this i left a little
space at the top so i'd have room to
punch a hole and then home takes
excellent okay i'll take the jar if you
want to take the bottle sure sure here
what's get this does that make it easier
for us I don't know not a whole lot okay
I'm going to take my bigger piece and
some people like to cut their paper just
so it fits around what they're working
on Jessica and I both like to use a
longer piece of paper because the more
you haven't wrapped around the better
it's going to stay which i think is a
good tip so I'm just gonna lay mine
right on my look at you being all fancy
okay fine I'm gonna be efficient do you
really or myself just to do my existence
it so see there's a wide variety of ways
which of Roger together you can save
time or you can do it justice you can do
it that's way or you can do it the right
way
don't look over here but jar and I
didn't like this kind of ugly little
thing that said lemonade on so I mean I
thought the band idea was cute but I
decided to cover mine up with the tag oh
that's a good idea and you could do this
with wine bottles you could do this with
pickle jars you could do it with any
round you could do it with square boxes
too if you wanted to I mean there's
really kind of no end to the way you can
put these together well part of why I
chose this kind of bottle is that there
are a lot of different it's a 750
milliliter bottle which is the size of
most bottles of wine so it's easy to
find bottles the shape you could print
out your tag to make it say thank you or
whatever it is that you're giving
someone a gift for congratulations
thinking that ability as our various
housewarming anything great idea I'm
still over here tying my tag and you're
already done yeah it was a race honestly
and you always win i won they're done
easy peasy and you can like you said you
can adhere a little bit on the yeah I
stuck mine down so it kind of helped
cover that one place heart that said
lemonade good thinking so I don't love
it perfect idea absolutely love it easy
to do an expensive great idea for
parties weddings all kinds of good stuff
for more great project ideas come check
out xyron on facebook and pinterest
you